October 10th

I'm subbing at chino today. I have an interview with
my program this week. I'm hoping that goes well. I keep
doing physical therapy so i can increase my ability to 
be healthier and happier

October 11th

Going to get some food from Wingstop today, yum.

August 17th 

Working on my health, going to swim in a bit 

August 18th 

Went to gym and ate some healthy food, good shit. Also did some coding lessons. Also got some tickets for the festival coming up soon. 

August 19th 

My stomach has been hurting a bunch. Going to try the BRAT diet and see how that works. Not sure entirely, but we'll see. I'll stay confident that nothing is wrong. I'll be checking and watching. Probably write a report on how I'm doing. We'll see. Worked on my presentation and now I'm doing some math now.

August 20th 

Job got cancelled. Working on writing and coding. Just started learning the command line. Signed up for a treehouse account. Also, going to workout in a little bit. The command line is awesome. Also going for a swim. 

August 21st 

Doing some coding and work. Also made some dinner. Making healthy lunches is fun. 

August 22nd

Subbing at Lugo today. Trying to get a lot of work done today. Last day of the encode club EVM class today. I'm also finishing some homework. 

August 23rd

Subbing at La vista today. Going to get some dental work done. As we speak, I'm getting some classwork done, then I'll get some coding done if time permits. Dental work is done, it went pretty well. 

August 24th 

Just went to top golf for Brandon's bday.

August 25th 

Working on some code. I'm doing some math and working not the EVM class. First, I'm doing my therapy homework. Now it's done. Next, I'm doing a presentation of unique family structures. Let's get this started. First slide done.

August 26th 

Went to the gym today. I also wrote some code, which is cool. Applied for rev season 2. Almost done with that. 

August 27th 

Today we're doing the encode frontend class. Making breakfast right now as well. Not feeling the best right now.  I'm going to maybe make a burrito. Learning how to learn in this series. Now I'm learning python, we'll see how that goes. Now I'm working on my presentation for class. Let's see how that goes. Finally got my crown scheduled 

August 28th

I can finally get my tooth woohoo! I'm headed out in about an hour. 

August 29th 

Got some more coding work done, so that was fun. 

August 30th 

Working just 2 hours at La Habra today, Off now. Driving home. Now I'm going to learn about compilers. I'm excited for dinner tonight. 

August 31st 

Happy long weekend!! Going to Dave and busters tonight. Just went to the gym, that was a blast. Now I'm eating some leftovers for dinner. Now i'm trying to build compiler. 

September 1st 

122 days left in the year! Meeting with the team in a bit. Gettin nervous how little skills I have as a dev. They have been very encouraging to me. I'm very excited.

September 2nd

121 days left in 2024. It's exciting we're coming to the end here. Excited to start the AI in therapy reading group. Let's see how it goes. Writing some code now. Finally got Zotero set up on my computer! Today I'm going to learn LATEX, which I'm excited to learn. Just finished a 30 minute tutorial on LATEX. It was pretty fun.

September 3rd 

Got a free day of work today, which is awesome. I'm going to the gym in a bit. Right now I'm writing code, which is fun. The air conditioning outside is really nice. Writing my NeurIPS volunteer letter. She sent it off! Hopefully I get in. Now I'm going to do some math and write some code. 

September 4th 

Happy wednesday!! Getting my tooth installed today, finally! It went very well! I finally have a tooth in lol

September 5th 

Today is going to be the hottest day on record for the state of california. I'm nervous how it's going to go, but that's okay, we will see. It's 2am, but doing math and writing code, I'm going to bed soon. Just woke up, headed to work. Just got to work. It's very hot outside right now. Hopefully the power doesn't go out. Going to be doing some classwork during work today. Just  started it. Now I'm halfway through the assignment. I just got home after shopping from Sam's club. It is soooo hot outside it's horrible. Almost done with the assignment. Finished!! Going to bed soon. 

September 6th 



Happy Friday! It is soooo hot today. It will break 110 degrees today. I think we are going to  see a movie tonight, which will be fun. I'm going to try to get some coding done today so wish me luck people! I need to get more agency back in my life. Which will help me gain confidence in the future. I can't believe how hot it is outside. I feel like I'm ranting right now. One more hour until I'm off work. Going to get my assignment done for the week. 

September 7th 

It's sooo hot this weekend also. We're meeting with carl and the boys today I'm excited the see them again. Going to bed soon. Just woke up. 


September 8th 

Meeting with the crew later. Excited for that. I've had such bad headaches it could be my dehydration. I'm going to have some water. I haven't gotten a sub job yet for the day I hope that I Do soon. I've been having heartburn today it's been hurting bad. Just took some medication and it worked a bit. Meeting just finished up. 


September 9th 

Worked a few periods that and read the articles for this week's assignment. After I get some code done I'll get back to that. I'm going to the gym in a bit. Gym session was good. 

September 10th 

Today is first day of Bible Study Fellowship. It'll be fun to learn about God's word and apply it to your life. I'm learning how to put GitHub alias' to my file. I'm studying math tonight. Watching the debate now. It's been pretty nasty. 

September 11th 

It's 9/11, everyday I think about what it was like when I was in 6th grade. It was a very somber day. Doing some code work right now. It's fun to learn. The fire has made me so tired though it is horrible. I went to the gym and had some dinner, it was really good. I hate studying math, but I have to do it If I don't want to be homeless. 

September 12th

I had a major panic attack today. I have no idea what is going on with me. I'm subbing for a half day at La Habra. I have been having MAJOR anxiety lately. I really need to figure this out. 
I'm almost off 90 minutes left to go! I"m so excited to walk around Costco and get a hotdog. Learning to code has been very fun. It's teaching me about how to make cool things and changing the world. I just need to get home and take my medication to lower my blood pressure. But I'm starting to panic for no reason I'm going to be okay. I'm feeling a bit better now. I'm working on my paper right now so that's pretty fun. Well I'm learning LaTeX, so that's a skill to have. 

September 13th

I'm at work today. I went to a virtual job fair. That was pretty fun. I'm working on my paper right now so I don't have to do it at home. I haven't gotten much work done on it as much as I would like. I'm currently doing it. We went to Donut man today, that was super awesome

September 14th 

Today Is fight day! 

September 16th

Going back to the dentist to get my tooth checked out again. Just got back! It turns out that my tooth is looking pretty good! I'm doing some cs50 work and some HW for school tonight. I'm headed to the gym in a bit. I'm back home now. I had a big anxiety attack today. I think It has to do with my lack of work lately. I'm confident I'll get it figured out tomorrow. 


September 17th 

I'm really having bad anxiety. I'm not sure what to do. I'm just writing this to help me feel better. Might go to El Segundo today to see Isaiah talk today. Still debating on it. I didn't go, traffic was bad. I'm going to DM him tonight. I went to the gym instead. I'm on BSF right now. Moving some files around checking to see if they work. 

September 18th 

I'm over at Buena Park today. It kinda sucks. I haven't been able to get any work done. I got some done. I'm at home now. Let's see how it goes. 

September 19th 

Today we are going to finish the HW. Hopefully Joseph gets back to me. I went to get lunch at Jersey Mike's Going through stuff. Found an old pic of Devin. Very sad. 

September 20th 

Slept decently, but still exhausted today. I work in an hour. I'm going to make some lunch and head over. At work right now. I can't wait to get home I'm really not feeling it today. It's okay It'll get better. I'm going to write some code tonight so that'll be good. Angelica is coming over to play overcooked. I'm super excited to eat some pizza and hang out today. I'm almost off work going to go home and do some work. I'm going to get Dave's hot chicken tonight. 


September 22nd

Woke up not feeling too hot. Not sure if I'll be going to see two door cinema club tonight. I had a major realization today. Is modern therapy just self obsession? Is that literally insane? I don't even know what to do now. Maybe just focus on getting healthy and learning more coding and other skills. 

September 23rd

Woah I had another anxiety attack today. I'm not entirely sure what is going on with me. I'm just going to keep working on myself and getting better. Its all I can do at this point really. I'm just doing more work at the moment. I'm going to eat a chomp for lunch and that will be a nice relaxing break. 

September 24th

I didn't sleep very well last night, but we are going to get a lot of work done today. I need to get my paper done, some work done with the BSF lesson, and write some code. I'm going to get the paper stuff done first. Having more anxiety, relax Chris, relax. Okay, I'm feeling better now, let's get back to work. I just ate lunch, now back to work. Got a section done. I'm at home now. Doing a BSF lesson


September 25th 

Trying to apply for the next one. Paper is almost done LFG. I'm really not feeling too well ugh. Hopefully I get through this day. Going to finally start my paper. I can't get focused today, which is annoying. I still can't focus. Trying to lock back in, in a bit. Got a few paragraphs written today so far. I got another section finished. Still working till I get off. Off in 5. I'm so hungry idk why I ate 3 slices of pizza today. 

September 26th 


Writing some code. Just ate some dinner. Now going back to some coding. Learning regex patterns is hard to do, but I'm trying my best. I haven't done any writing yet. I need to do some. Still doing some coding. I'm hoping to write a page or two tonight. 


September 27th 

Woke up with stomach problems today. Going to finish some homework. Well try to finish that when I stop barfing. Back to writing. Got a few paragraphs going. Now we're doing it. Got some more work done. Took a break. Getting back to it. Taking a break. Back to it. Taking another break. Back to it. Taking another break. Back to it. 

September 28th

Just woke up. 

September 29th 

Finally going to finish my work. This has been really had to do it idk why. We will get it done though. Let's freaking go!! Got a few paragraphs done. Last section! We are almost there. Last few sections. Finally done. Both assignments are submitted. Now I'm going to start on the other assignment. 

September 30th 

Slow on the start today, but I have a half-day at chino today. My stomach is still bugging me. At work now, hopefully I can get through it. I'm not feeling it today at all. Luckily there's a co teacher for the next two periods. It's almost lunch time thank the lord. One more hour! LFG. Life is hard, but I have to remember that no one is coming to save me. It's all on me. I'm back home. Stomach is still hurting but we're gonna get past this...hopefully. Doing homework now. Finished this assignment. Headed to bed to watch some TV. 


October 1st 

Today I'm working a half day over at Troy. Still pretty tired but I'm hopefully going to have the energy to get that done later. At Fullerton, about to walk over in a bit. Finally home. About to do some code work. 

October 2nd

Starting to feel a bit better. Been pounding peptobismol tablets. Feeling a bit better now. 

October 4th 

Just got home from work. Going to start doing some code work today. 

October 5th 

I got a party today woohoo! :D I need to finish this assignment first. 

October 6th 

A bit hungover, but I've got to finish this assignment. Just got a haircut. Submitting this thing tonight. Just finished my assignment. 

October 7th 

At work right now. Dealing with stomach issues. Almost done with my reading. Starting the homework. 

October 8th 

Just got to Sunny Hills high school, working with Sandoval today. Doing some work before I had ovr to the muck to do some raking. Back to the district. Going to do some work today. Hopefully I can finish this by 2:30 when I have to go home. Just starting my BSF meeting. 


October 9th 

Just got to La Vista. Today, I'm going to finish my assignment and work on some coding work that I need to get done. 

October 10th 

Just got to La Habra. Going to La Habra bowl in a bit to do some cleaning and such. I need to get some other work done for my other class. We are almost out. I have a flareup at work today. My body is really hurting bad, must be the flareup. Going home in about 15 minutes, which is exciting. 

October 11th 

Am I going on a date tonight?! Hopefully she gets back to me from yesterday. :( Worst case I just do something else I guess. Not a big deal. Feelings of insecurity keep creeping back in. I need to remind myself that This isn't my fault it's just situational. If it's God's plan, then that is what it is. I just need to be faithful to myself. And the others around me. Why is it so hard for me to get past that. I guess I just really like her. It's frustrating when I feel like she doesn't feel that same. Maybe I just need to get over myself and my insecurities a bit. Idk if she deleted her profile or if she blocked me it's hard to tell. The initial interest is there at least. I hope that doesn't fade over time. I just need to lock in and get over myself a bit. I'm dealing with a situation at work right now so I need to get that figured out first. I'm working on cutting weight right now. I'm down a few pounds I'm excited to eat some lunch though. Not sure what I'm going to get. I might go home and eat since I have a good amount of time. Why do I feel like I'm not being valued? It's a very legitimate reason. I need to not take it personally when it's probably not. I just don't know how to go forward with her. She seems interested a bit. I don't want to keep getting in my head. I sent her a message. Check back with the results, I'm nervous. 

October 13th

Well guys, I never heard back from her. 

October 14th 

I wonder what happened? 

October 15th

Just curious, never heard back. What do we think happened? Would have been really nice to know honestly. I'll just have to accept that. I'm definitely going to. I really wanted to meet her, but that's okay I guess.

October 16th

I'm getting past that. There's things in my life that I'm trying to get better at not taking things personally. 

October 17th

I'm fully past it now. 

October 19th

We're starting to feel better. 

October 20th 

I'm totally there now! It feels good to be past the ghosting. Why can't I literally finish this assignment. I have no idea what is going on with me right now lol. I'm trying to finish this on time. Trying my best to finish this.

October 21st

Working a long day tomorrow at La Habra. Not exactly looking forward to it, but that's okay. Trying to play some poker tonight. 

October 22nd

Long day today. Going to try to grind out as much work as possible. Going to grind this out today. No Fibro feeling today, which is awesome. Taking a short break, then back to work. Okay back to work. Finished the assignment. Now I'm going to do more work. Taking a 5 minute break

October 23rd 

Doing some AI research today. Did some reading and going to do some HW tomorrow. 

October 24th 

I am so tired, Idk what is wrong with me honestly. I think I need to figure this out. I'm going to do som research on this. 


October 25th 

Today is escape! I'm not sure if I'm going to go today. Might go one day depending on how I feel. I might go but I'm so tired and my body hurts bad right now. I'm also having panic attacks. But I need to realize that nobody is looking out for me in that sense. Nobody is coming. Remember that, Chris. I wish my foot wasn't hurting so bad I do want to go today. I'll figure it out later. 


October 26th

Traffic isn't as bad today. Leaving soon. 

October 27th

What an event! Super fun it was nice to see some people. 

October 28th 

Slept decently well. At work today, should be a chill day. Getting some writing done. I've been a bit of a mental distraction today. I need to lock in better. 

October 29th 

Slept better today. 

October 30th 

Tomorrow is the last day of the month! Let's fucking go! 

October 31st 

Today is Halloween! 

Happy November 1st! We gotta get strong for the new year! Lots of exciting things down the pike!I'm trying to drop weight as well. Going to do some math right now. 

November 4th 

Big gap here, but we are going to get back into it! I'm pretty mad at myself that I messed up the previous work, but that's okay truly. I'm getting back into the thick of it. I don't know how passionate I am about therapy, but I want to learn more about compute and how AI works. I still have time so I can make it work. I need to believe in myself. My future self will thank me. I need to write some code today. Why can't I focus in this class.


November 5th 

I'm in such a bad mood because they didn't want to give me that job. Fuck them. I'll get over it soon. 

November 6th 

The election is over. 

November 8th 

I've been dealing with a lot of pain lately. I'm hoping that it goes away soon. I'm looking into seeing a functional medical doctor for my general health. I want to generate a health plan to make myself live for as long as possible. I really need to look into how to make sure my health gets better. I'm going to get sushi for dinner tonight. I'm very excited. Maybe I'll get KBBQ. I'm. Not entirely sure yet. I'm going to run home and grab something to eat and take some pain medicine. 

November 9th 

Today, I'm going to a concert tonight! It going to be very fun! 

November 10th 

I'm going to play a poker tournament and do some coding work. Right now, I'm learning some Math because Math is kinda cool to learn. I raised OOP in a 76 board it was pretty awesome. I just got eliminated.

November 12th 

I've had the flu for the past couple of days. Just trying to recover and get over this. I want to get back onto the horse. Being sick is literally the worst.

November 13th 

Still a bit sick, trying to get over this and get back on the wagon again because I truly miss it. I miss being healthy and happy. Nobody deserves to be sick. America needs to back its people. I think that RFK will do his best to make America healthy again. 

November 14th 

I'm starting to get upset with how I'm not 100% better yet. What is wrong with me?! Ugh not good. 

November 15th 

At work today for the first time this week. Tired, but it feels good to be back. I just got back work. I feel pretty disgusting honestly. Idk what I need to do to get better. I need to not get so stressed out about this. 

November 17th 

Today I'm feeling a bit better. I'm going to do some Math and other HW. I'm also going to some coding, but idk why I'm having issues focusing with my eyes. I'm back home now after going to the gym. 

November 18th

I think I'm back to feeling near 100% better! This is so great honestly. But what I also don't get is why am I having eye strain. What do I need to do now to not focus on this eye strain. Now that we are running out of time for the new year, I want to figure out what the next move is going to be. I also want to know how to focus better on my new work. I also want to focus on my health this year. I want to get better at coding. (Fuck I'm going to have a busy year next year). I'm also watching the pyro video about 

November 19th 

Today I'm doing a day off of work (well no work) and going to do some things at home. Primarily work on some coding projects and admin stuff that I need to get done during the day. I'm trying to figure out what else I want to do besides Therapy in my life. I'm assuming that therapy will be around (for at least a while) in most parts of my life. But What I'm focusing on now is more technical skills, well getting those skills up in order to create a life for myself. 

To do list today: 
1. Finish FA for the new year
2. Calculus 3 work 
3. Start new class work. 
4. Plan out 2025 
5. Go to grocery store

So far I haven't done any of these ugh! Lol

November 20th 

Today I'm working at Buena Vista (It is third period after doing this). I'm going to go get some stuff from Mothers after work. 

To do list for the rest of the day:
1. Finish FA for the new year
2. Calculus 3 work 
3. Plan out 2025 
5. Go to grocery store


Starting Financial Aid. Logging in. Finally got past the errors I was having. 
Beginning now. Still going. Done! Moving onto step 2. I'm going home from work! 

I did some calculus 3 work (10 minutes) 

Now I'm going to do some late night coding work

November 21st 

Today, I'm going to do some math and study work. 

November 22nd

Checking what I need to do today. I'm going to finish my paper first. Idk why I'm having such bad anxiety lately. What is going on with me? I want to figure this out. I haven't been able to get much work done, which has been annoying. I'm going to try to finish this assignment today. Locking in for the last 20 minutes. 8 minutes left till I'm free for a week.


November 24th 

We back at it again boys. I'm doing some research tonight on my little pony. Bronies are very interesting group of people. 

November 25th 

Happy Monday today boys! Been cleaning all day today. It's time to work. I'm tired of cleaning I'm gassed ugh lol. I'm going to clean a bit later after I eat some food :) Just ate some yummy dinner :) 

November 26th 

I did some cleaning tonight (it's 12:06AM as I write this) it went incredibly well. Now I'm awake. It's 1pm and I'm so tired. Idk what's wrong with me today. I need to lock in my diet. I'm eating absolutely horribly lately. I'm so annoyed with what's going on with me lately. It has to be the food that I'm eating. I'm going to drop off a package then do some studying later. I need to update my machine. I'm going to close out some tabs and then go to the gym. Doing BSF now. Almost done. I'm back from the gym and now I'm going to shower. 

November 27th 

Checking in.

November 28th 

Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy eating amazing Turkey!! I just ate it! So delicious. I'm trying to make some memes.

November 30th

I'm back on the grind! Trying to finish up this assignment today. I'm going to start in about 20 minutes! Now I'm starting! Hopefully I get this done before the kings game. Now I'm getting a phone call. I just wrote a few paragraphs. I've been having a good week off. I wasn't able to get as much done as I would have hoped, but it helps to have the rest. I'm going to attack more of these books during Christmas break. Just started doing some work.

December 1st 

Happy December everyone! 30 more days left in the year! I hope to lose at least 8 pounds by the end of the year. I really need to get off this BD medication as quick as possible. My goal with this is to eat primarily fruit and veggies and probably follow Bryan Johnson's blueprint as much as possible. I finished the assignment (first one) so that is good. Now the second one is done! I don't know why this was hard for myself. Idk what I want to do with my life. Do I want to continue to be a therapist? Or do I want to do something else? I really don't know. Why can't I figure this out?! I really just need to try things out and see if I like them or not. Is following your passion a good thing? I really need to listen to the book the Algebra of wealth. I REALLY. Need to figure this out. I'm optimistic in myself. My mom believes in me and so do the people in my life. 


December 2nd 

Only 30 more days till 2025! Let's finish off this year strong! Just got my time sheet in for September, that's getting processed. Going to go home and get some fruit like some raspberries and apples and lay in bed. That sounds good. I'm feeling pretty crappy I'll probably call off tomorrow and use my sick pay. I'll need to get a doctor's note, but I can do that when I get home from work. I am home now. 

December 3rd 

Called off and took a sick day today. I'm hungry. I just went to get a gift for a friend and I'm finishing BSF work. From there, I"m going to have the meeting and lay down, I'm not feeling too hot. I'll feel better soon (hopefully). I'm in bible study right now. This is fun. It's a good lesson. Done now!

December 4th 
Happy December 4th! Hope everyone is doing well. I messed up at work today but what are you going to do. I lost my key at work, but she wasn't too mad at me about it. It caused me to get massive Diarrhea :( It's gotten better since then. I'm not going to eat until later tonight. My cat is dying :) I got to pet him for a few minutes, but it was hard doing that. I miss him already. 

December 5th
Dyson was doing a bit better today. He was doing a lot better today. He was kind of coming out the garage a bit more, which is awesome. Maybe he isn't tired and isn't hurting as much. I'm praying that he is doing better. 

December 6th
Dyson was actually a bit better today. He was hanging with my mom which is awesome! I'm going to finish my assignment today.


December 7th 
Dyson is still in the garage, but he seems to be comfortable. He is eating and drinking. I guess if he wants to be in the garage that's okay with me. 

December 8th 
Starting my homework. I have been having trouble starting it today. I think it has to do with my ADHD. I have been thinking about starting medication for it, but I really don't want to.  I finished my homework. I think I need to create time where I only do the work that I need to. I'm going to go to bed in a little bit. Idk why I'm always panicking now. I'm trying to eat 

December 9th 
Just at the mall until work starts. I'm going to get some gas on the way over also. I'll probably sit here for about 20 minutes or so.  I just got to the school I'm working a 2 hour job but it pays 3 periods, so that's nice. I'm off in an hour so that's great for me today. I'm home now! Going to do some work. Didn't get much done. I'm writing some code right now. 

December 10th 
At work until 11:55 today. I'm collabing right now. She is a very nice teacher. I just did some work to make a few extra dollars. Idk if she's going to be here the rest of the day or not. I might work it. In my second period class. I'm literally dying right now. Only a few more hours left in the day today then I'll go home and take a nap. I'm so exhausted it's annoying. But what are you going to do about it. I went to work and then the mall, which was fun. 

December 11th 
Well I was at work today. That was annoying but I went to work for a bit, made some money and that was cool, but now I'm going back to working on my assignment. 

December 12th 
Only 12 days till Christmas! I'm excited to get my ps5 and play games like Valorant! I work in 24 minutes so I'm going to head over there in about 5 minutes! I'm at work now. My goal is to get half of this assignment done over the next 3 hours. Haven't done any yet, but now I'm going to lock in for this period. Okay got about 1 section done. Not the best but okay for what I'm doing. I'm going to do more when I get to the brewery later (If I go). Just got home. Going to watch the kings game then go to the gym maybe. Not entirely sure yet. Trying to not post so much slop on here, but we do our best obviously. I'm Kind of cold and I want to go home ugh. I'm home now yay :) Going to do some work before I head to bed in a few hours. I haven't any work done. 


December 13th 
I didn't get my McDonalds order today they took too long :( Now I'm going back to work and there's like 50 teachers, idk what to do. I guess they're going to leave in a few minutes. I guess they're going to leave now, which is good. Okay they left. I guess I'm going to cover a few different classes today. Now I'm home. 

December 14th 
I'm going to do some late night coding sessions. I'm going to do some writing right now. Getting back at it. 

December 15th 
About to go finish my paper. Nvm, just starting. This is bad. 

December 16th
Subbing at Chino today. I have not been able to get any work done because my brain has been wrapped around this RGTI trade. I finally closed it and made over $250 so awesome! I'm at Starbucks right now writing some late night code, the lighting in here is horrible. There's a homeless guy in here and I gave him a few dollars, it was all I had but it felt really good to help someone. 

December 17th 
I went to sub today for a few hours. It's been pretty good so far. I'm going to write some code tonight which is going to be fun. 

December 18th 
I didn't get a bike. 

December 19th
6 days until Christmas! Let's freaking God. Jesus is the reason for the season. 

December 20th 
5 days till Christmas! I'm going to try to finish a coding project by Christmas Day. I'm so excited. O3 has been launched. Its performance was so crazy. I'm very pessimistic about the future, but I'm going to just be optimistic because I need to be! Job interview Is starting in a few minutes, wish me luck! Let's see if they join or not. They haven't Joined yet. They never joined. I'm going to get ramen in a bit with Angelica. 

December 21st
4 days till Christmas!!!

December 22nd 
3 days till Christmas! I'm so excited to be in bed, cuddling up writing some amazing code its going to be fun. Nothing like pushing more slop to the interwebz. 

December 23rd 
2 days till Christmas! Didn't write any code today, but doing some math and going to do some code in a few hours before I got to dinner! I'm excited to go eat at spaghetti factory. My mom isn't going. I'm praying how Angelica is doing. she is not doing that great which is scary. Pray that she is okay. 

December 24th 
1 Day till Christmas! I have no energy lately it sucks. Idk what is wrong with me. I'm going to do a little bit of study today 

December 25th 
Merry Christmas!!! Let's freaking go boys! I got a PS5 I'm so excited this is awesome :) I'm helping my mom reset her Fitbit

December 26th
What an amazing Christmas. It was so nice to spend some time with my family and have a great meal. It was so much fun. 


December 27th 
I'm feeling really good today. Dyson is spending time with me, which is super awesome. Dyson spent the day with me he laid with essentially all day, which was super awesome. 

December 28th 
We put Dyson to sleep last night. It was so hard and I'm really suffering toady. I'm in so much pain when I look at the jacket I wore yesterday it still has his fur on it it makes me feel so sad :( I know he was in pain but I wanted him to stay a bit longer until the new year. I hope that this pain goes away soon :/ I miss my cat so much. :( RIP Dyson. 

December 30th 
I'm missing Dyson a lot. It doesn't feel the same without him in the house. It feels a bit empty, but I remind myself that he was dying and he didn't have much time left on this earth. He was rubbing my chest to pick him up he really which he was really enjoying that. I hope that this next year will be one of the best yet. I'm really going to focus on getting healthy and making better choices. Although I ate really poorly today, I tried to eat better.

December 31st 
One more day left in the near year! Counting 6 more hours

January 1st
Happy 2025! I'm so excited for what this year is going to bring. Aren't you?! I can't wait to write some amazing code. 

January 2nd 
364 more days left in the year. Let's freaking go. I'm at Greywolf brewing for the event. 

January 3rd
2 more days left of break then back to work. 

January 4th 
I really didn't get much done during this break. It kind of upset me to be honest. 

January 5th 
I'm not feeling the best today. I need to do something different. I think I'm going to start blueprint. I just had a juice. I'm not sure what I want to have for dinner. I'm going to make some rice and veggies 

January 6th 
First Monday back to work of the new year. Hopefully I get a job in the morning. Working a short day today, so that's good. I'm not feeling the best today. I had some juice so hopefully that will help in like an hour or so. I got my vitaDAO hoodie, which is awesome. I'm learning about the terminal today. I'm on episode 2 now this is a pretty fun video. 

January 7th 
Worked and went to the gym today. I'm really tired I don't even know why. 

January 8th 
Working right now. I'm super tired I didn't sleep well at all last night. I want to be able to sleep and eat better. I really need to put some effort into that. 

January 9th 
Worked

January 10th 
Doing some coding work right now. Then I'm going to work on the last semester information. It's pretty fun to solve problems with a code editor.  I'm going to write some code in a bit. I'm going to a reign game tonight so that's going to be fun. 

January 11th 
I'm shocked how little money I've made and I don't know how to make more money. I really need to figure that out. 

January 12th 
I made some ghost pepper salsa today. It was super fun and its pretty spicy. I literally just laughed at 

January 13th 
I'm working at La Vista today. It's kinda sad since all the kids struggle here today. I'm glad to be off and still working on my things. I played some zombies and now I'm coding at home listening to a show about to make some dinner. 

January 14th 
I'm working at La Vista again today. It was a long day. I'm glad to be home. I'm writing some stuff then headed to bed. I'm pretty tired. I'm going to sleep in a little bit. I've never been so exhausted. 

January 15th 
I'm working at La Vista again today. It's 11am right now. I'm going to finish my work right now. I'm going to lock in for a few minutes. I'm back at home right now. I'm emotionally drained from th at job. I learned a lot about myself. Such as that I need to be more empathetic, kind, loving, and hopeful for the future. 

January 16th 
Another day at la vista today. I'm going to lock in and make sure that I get this assignment done quickly. I'm doing it right now. My goal is to have it done before class gets out in 90 minutes. I'm at the Bitcoin meetup in Eastvale it's fun to see them. I'm headed home in about 20 minutes, I'm pretty tired and want to play Zombies on call of duty. 


January 17th 
Last day at LA vista today. It's been a journey these past few days. 

January 18th
I'm glad it's the weekend I'm so exhausted. I'm so gassed

January 19th
Had a great workout today and head some chills which was awesome, I just applied to an ago verse internship, I'm really hoping to get admitted. That would be super fun. 

January 20th
Ive had such low energy lately. I'm going to read more about this. Idk what is going on. 

January 21st 
Woke up super cold this morning. I took a shower because of how cold I was. It did help a bit. I'm working at La Habra right now then I'm going to La Vista to finish up the day. Now I'm at Troy I have 2 hours left then I'm going to bible study at 5pm. I'm in BSF right now as we speak. 

January 22nd 
At Magnolia today. Ross is free! Which is amazing. Tomorrow is the bitcoin meetup. I'm going to work on the homework assignment today. 


January 23rd
Today I'm going to work at Troy High School. I'm so tired. This sucks that there's no late start tomorrow. It was a great bitcoin meetup this week. 

January 24th 
I'm at Chino high school today. I'm so cold, and we have a rally soon, which is meh, but at least I have a prep during 4th woohoo. 

January 25th 
Today was a super chill sub job. I worked at Chino and go to skip the rally and come home for a bit, which was fun. I run some zombies to work on my camo grind. I'm going mystic gold and all of my melee weapons. I'm at home now. 

January 26th 
I'm at rose hack right now. They ran out of shirts, but they have stickers, which is cool I guess. I'm sitting in the intro to GitHub workshop. Now I'm at home. I had an annoying day today. 

January 27th 
Subbing today at Canyon Hills Junior High. I'm really bothered by what happened to me. I just need to learn to not take things so personally. I just want to be a good person who doesn't get bothered by what people do. He is a flake and I just need to get used to that. I had a great healthy lunch that was very satisfying (Which was chicken salad and some fruit). One more period to go (currently In 4). One more hour to go then I'm going to write some code tonight, which will be fun. 

January 28th 
Today was a long day. I'm home now going to work on some math and code :)  I'm excited to learn some more 

January 29th 
I woke up sick :( Hopefully I'm better in roughly 48 hours or so. This is annoying. 

January 30th 
Still not feeling better. Watching tv. 

January 31st 

Sick. 

February 1st

Sick :/ 

February 2nd 

Sick :/ getting better though starting to turn the corner on this thing 

February 4th 

Still sick :/ I'm really hoping to be turning the corner on this thing tomorrow. I really don't want to be sick anymore it's soooo annoying seriously :/ I got some medication the other day. I'm going to go to bed and see if I can maybe sleep this thing off. 


February 6th 
Still a bit sick :/ I'm hoping the turn the corner on this soon :) I'm really really tired of being sick. Idk what else to do at this point. I know I'm getting better, but I'm just really over it. 


February 8th 

I'm so over being sick this is horrible. 

February 19th

I'm finally well again. I had some things happen to me that prevented me from being able to blog, but I'm back.

February 24th

I recently have feel off the journaling wagon. I really want to get back on this. Whenever I do work for my program, I start to feel like I'm worthless or I should be doing something else with my life.  I'm done with work now! Can't wait to go home for a bit then play hockey (if my stomach feels better). I ended up not playing hockey. I'm going to do some math homework and read some things I want to read for fun :) I'm going to bed after I do some reading. 

February 25th 
Today I finished my assignment for school. Just finished my BSF work as well. I'm home now doing BSF, which has been a great discussion for how small it is 


February 28th 
At work. I forgot my laptop and I'm using the school computer to push this. I'm getting some coding lessons done, which is very helpful. Hopefully I get some more work done. 

March 1st 
Happy March! Just lost more money playing casino games. I'll never play again (I hope lol). I'm just going to buy and NEVER sell until retirement. 

March 2nd 
We are plugging away another week that we can do great! 

March 3rd 
I'm at Chino High School working as a floater sub for the day with no break ugh! I really want to get a cheesesteak when I get off of work. Do I wait for lunch or just go get something during lunch time. I'm going to get McDonald's during lunch and a Philly cheesesteak after. But I'm sure going to go after. I'm excited to go eat as soon as I get off of work. 

March 4th 
Going to a field trip today then I'm going to meetup with a guy about working with him on a crypto project. We'll see how this goes it'll be a fun discussion regardless. Headed over there now. 

March 5th 
Learning how to use Vim today! I"m excited to use it. 

March 18th 
Been off for a while. Readjusting myself to my life goals. Trying to figure out what's next. 

March 19th 
BSF was great yesterday. Didn't work today so I'm just coding and going to do some School work. Right now I'm going to learn the basics of HTTP 4. I'm on the talk with Greg. It's been fun and learning a lot. 

March 20th 
Float subbing today. I'm Praying that I don't want to do much work today. It seems like I'll just be in random periods, I'm pretty tired. 1 Period Down. 2nd period collab. 3rd period alone with aide. I'm really getting hungry. I just had lunch. Just had dinner. 


March 21st 
Subbing today at Townsend. Finally done that was a long day. 

March 23rd 
Yesterday I was at a Kings game. It was so awesome they won 7-2. I'm going to work on my CBT bot right now. I'm working on my CBT bot.  

March 28th 
Another week of work done. I'm going to work on some homework for a bit, then I'll go home. I'm going to play Fortnite for a bit. 

March 29th 
Happy birthday to my sister. I'll get her a gift soon. I'm at the car wash doing some work while getting a free wash from the helpful Honda people. Now I'm going to work on my homework until it's done. It's almost done now. 

March 30th 
About to head out to my hockey game, wish me luck!

March 31st
Last day of the month of March. I just got home and going to play some video games for a bit while I figure out the next move. 

April 1st 
Happy April! 31 days until I turn 35, which is crazy! We have come such a long way. I'm going to work on the AI deep dive today. I haven't been able to get anything done today, which has been annoying. I'm home now. I just got accepted to Kwaaai! Woohoo! 

April 2nd 
30 days until my birthday, which is crazy! I'm getting hungry I'm going to get some food. 

April 3rd 
It's Thursday. I'm not sure If I'm going to Greywolf tonight or hit up wursthaus in LA. Still need to figure that out. I'm going to get lunch with Angelica, I'm so excited we're going to chipotle. Now I'm back at school after eating Chipotle that was so good. 

April 6th 
My mind is racing so much. I don't know what to do. I'm trying to learn some sorting algos. I finished my homework, which was good. 

April 7th 
I'm starting a new class today. My goal with this class is to get as much done as possible, I wouldn't say I slacked, but I could have done a bit more. It's pretty cold today in this room, but I'm glad to be working with a helpful teacher. I'm going to do the BSF reading today. Just starting it now. Finished BSF! 

April 8th 
Just got off BSF. That was pretty fun, although I was in a sub class. Now I'm going to watch some math for a bit. 

April 11th 
Its Friday lets go. I'm so excited for the weekend and to eat some good food for dinner. Probably will go get a burrito from Kalavares tonight, that sounds really good, other maybe some other Mexican food. Just got back from break, 90 minutes left. I'm off let's freaking go!! Playing video games now. 

April 13th 
Going to the kings game was pretty fun with Brandon yesterday. 

April 14th 
On the train currently to Cal State LA for a field trip. I'm so happy I have my parents alive and they are healthy, but I can't help but feel like I failed them. I've been trying to make a difference in this world. I want to make the people in my life proud, but I just feel like a burden to them, that I don't matter. The fact that some people get things on their first try is just so amazing to me. I'm completely happy for them, but I just wish that I had my chance. I need to work hard for my chance. Idk what I'm so scared of. 

April 15th
Went to work, went to gym, now at BSF. 

April 16th
Not feeling too great, but I have a concert tonight, tomorrow is going to be an insanely long day, but should be fun. Learning something new today 

April 17th 
Currently at CSUF doing in house suspension. 2 more hours left. 30 more minutes left. Just got to Venice. Venice event was great. 

April 18th 
I have a lot of work to do today for my class before the game. I'll make sure to get some of that done after the meeting. I'm in the meeting right now. Going to a reign game today that is going to be a lot of fun. 

April 19th 
Going to the Ontario Artwalk, that will be a lot of fun. Doing work right now and I'm tired of it. Going to the reign game. They won and we got a sweatshirt and t-shirt which is dope. 

April 20th 
Happy 420/Easter! Going to do some work and almost be done. Just 2 more slides to go. Done! My ADHD is so bad right now. 

April 21st
Slept like complete crap! I went to the Kings game holy crap what a great game. 

April 22nd 
Working till 2:15 at Magnolia. It was an annoying day. They're making me do lunch duty, but I guess that's fine I'll just get through it and head over to Marina Del Rey for the Windsurf event. Will it be worth it? Maybe it will idk yet but I might as well go I'm sure that I won't regret going. It's certainly chapter than flying to San Francisco. Idk I'll see how I feel when I get back home and maybe eat some food. I'm home now I want to play some video games or run some code. 

April 23rd
I drove to Fullerton for basically nothing. I'm home now and going to work on some work for a bit before maybe going to movies. 

April 26th 
It's Saturday at 5:15! I really don't want to do work. I did some of it. I've got some more to do. 

April 27th 
Its Sunday. I got a bunch of work to do today. Hopefully I'm going to get it done while I watch the hustler live stream. Taking a break to work on some things. Going back to work now. Got a few paragraphs written. Taking a break to watch the kings Game a bit more. Homework is done.

April 28th 
Going to work on the packet I need to do then I'm going to do BSF lesson. I'm in a really bad mood lately. I need to just no worry about the other guy and keep on myself. I'm starting my assignment now. I'm going to the Kings game tomorrow that is going to be super fun. I'm starting to feel better now. I just need to do the right thing, such as eating better and working out more, sleeping better (or at least trying to) and learning math and machine learning. I also need to do my assignment today. I'm starting my assignment now. Didn't get much done, but will get more done soon. Got some more writing done soon. I need to get this sexual harassment training done. 

April 29th
Going to a Kings game tonight. I'm getting my reading done before I go to the Kings game. I got another one done, which was good. 

April 30th 
I'm so exhausted. I'm working at Magnolia right now. I'm off at 3:30 I can't wait to go home and take a nap. I'm off in 15 minutes. Off in 10 minutes. Now off in 5. I'm at home now. 

May 1st 
Last day of being 34. I'm excited to finally lose some weight this summer. It's going to be my main goal, as well as build up some skills in my coding. Just had my poke bowl it hit hard. What do I want to eat when I get off of work?

May 2nd 
I'm 35 today! 

May 3rd
First full day of being 35. I'm not sure how to feel right now. It gives me excitement for the future.

May 4th 
I'm going to clean my desk and room today, it's a complete mess in here. I need to be more organized. I just did some work. I really need to work on myself this summer. I want some positive outcomes in my life. 

May 5th 
Today I'm at work till 3:30. I'm feeling pretty good. I slept decent and had a good poke bowl for lunch. I'm off in 15 minutes and going to work on some code tonight after I hit the gym. 

May 6th
I'm at Chaffey college for a school tour. It's been fun I got some stuff working, which makes me pretty proud. I'm going to do some classwork then I'll finish BSF. BSF is done! We have 4 months off. My CBT bot is working using spacy! Pretty amazing. It feels good to finally have a project working. 

May 7th 
Today I'm subbing at Magnolia about halfway done. I haven't been able to get much work done today I've been unfocused. I'm going to lock in right now. I've got some work to do. I really can't focus today It's so annoying. I'm hoping to get some work done the last hour of the day. I got a little bit more done, which was awesome. 

May 8th 
We have our first American Pope. USA USA USA! I have a bunch of work to do tonight. I'm going to get like 1/3 of it done today then I'll come back in a bit. I'm doing a bunch of it right now. It has been invigorating to get some of it done. I got a few slides done, which was good. 

May 9th 
Today was a brutal day. I haven't gotten as much work done as I would have liked, but that's okay. I'm kind of stressed because I haven't been able to find work for the summer. I'm praying that I will be able to find something. 

May 10th 
Today is a big day. I'm going to be writing a bunch of code and working on my presentation. My internet is out this freaking sucks. It's still out. I'm going to try to work on some work while I have no other choice. I'm going to do some reading now. I was going to eat KBBQ but now my stomach is hurting bad idk what happened :(. I'm doing my HW now after a bit of a break. 

May 11th 
Doing some homework right now, just finished my last part. I'm playing some games and probably going to watch some movies tonight. 

May 12th
Just got to work. Going to do the main coursework for my class today over the next like 3 periods or so. I just got one of them done. Time to lock in Chris we got this. I got one assignment done. 

May 13th
I'm at work right now. I got sick and left early :( This is super annoying, but oh well. I'm going to request sick pay. Hopefully they approve it tomorrow. 

May 14th
About to do some work for a bit. I'm not feeling the best but I'm going to work tonight for a few hours after taking a break. I haven't been able to get as much done as I wanted to, but that's okay. I'm going to work tonight. 

May 15th 
In Dabl camp right now. That was a ton for the lesson, but learned a lot. I'm going to do some work right now. About halfway done. 

May 16th 
Currently getting some work done as CSUF. 

May 17th
Going to the gym right now. I was dealing with some bullshit from Chase. 

May 18th 
I am going to submit my homework. 

May 19th 
Working from home today. Going to talk to that person about a job we'll see how that goes. That will be in a few hours. 

May 21st
Second day working at La Vista. Going to finish applying to this job and finish my homework. About halfway done now, well more like 40% done. Working on brain regions. 

May 22nd
Third day working at LA Vista wasn't able to get much done to be honest with you. 

May 25th
Getting some work done on this Sunday. Enjoying the process. Getting better at coding slowly and working on my CBT Bot after I finish this assignment. About to go back to get some work done. 

May 26th 
My head is really hurting today. I was going to do some math I'll try my best. 

May 27th
Just got home, about to do some work for a couple hours then I'm going to the gym for a bit. Does this work now. I didn't get 
much done at work I'm pretty tired right now. 

May 28th 
Checking commit status. I'm off in about 10 minutes, which is awesome. Time for machine learning class. 

May 29th 
Today I was in the hospital today. It was a wake up call for me for sure. I need to get healthier or I am going to die young. I currently walked a few laps

May 30th 
I'm in the Oxen AI discussion. 

May 31st 
Just had breakfast/lunch today it was really good. Currently I am working on my homework for my MFT program. I just finished my homework. Going to play video games with Eydi. 

June 1st 
Happy June everybody! We made it lets gooooo 

June 5th 
Going to finish my homework today, got a lot to do. I've gotten some done. 

June 6th 
Trying to install this dang ceiling fan. 

June 7th 
We got the core part on, now we are going to wire it up in a bit. I haven't been able to get much work done. 

June 8th 
My head is hurting today. Idk what to do I'm just drinking more water and eating fruit and vegetables. 

June 9th 
I slept absolutely horribly last night. I'm just trying to do as much as I can.  

June 11th 
At the AWE expo. 

June 13th
AWE was a blast! Met some cool people and was inspired. Going to write some code tonight. 

June 15th 
Happy Father's Day! I'm going to play golf in a little bit. It's going to be fun. It'll be fun because my mom hasn't gone before and she will have a lot of fun! We are going to leave in about 15 minutes. We are back home. I'm getting my Quest 3 soon. In about 90 minutes. \

June 16th 
I'm getting a bunch of stuff done today, Which is good. Made some phone calls today. I unfortunately wasn't able to get a confirmation. 

June 17th 
I slept okay, I'm going to do some work in a bit (Working on the deletion script). I'm going to start after lunch. I just ate lunch about to get into it. I got it to work. 

June 21st 
Been upset for a few days. Not sure how to feel about things right now. I'm also having really bad allergies. 

June 24th 
I decided to play a poker tournament. It was a lot of fun. I learned a lot about myself today. 

June 25th 
Woke up a bit late. Going to do some work for my schooling. I'm going to take a break and watch a video then go back to work. 

June 26th 
I'm kind of sad today, but I'm going to work hard today to keep myself motivated. It's just a money issue with financial aid, but that's okay. I need to realize that things are outside of my control. I'm going to do some work today. In 15 minutes. 

June 27th 
Slept pretty decent. I'm going to start my assignment for my class today, which is the review of Serene Pathways Counseling. Starting now. 

June 29th 
I'm in such a bad mood idk why. I'm feeling better now. I got some work done and I'm going to work more tonight. Taking a gaming break. Back to it now. Okay let's freaking go. Okay taking a break again. 

June 30th 
Today was fun getting the booth set up. I got some work done on the group project, which was nice. 

July 1st 
I'm going to work on my solver in a bit. I just ate some food and I have my meeting in about 30 minutes. My CORE meeting is about to start. It's very interesting. Today is Intro to ABA, which I have done in the past. I'm a bit tired, but I'm going to go the gym after (I think). Lesson is finally over, which is good. 

July 2nd 
Just woke up. About to do some work. In my meeting right now. Good day today. I'm getting some work done on my paper for the week. We didn't get our presentation totally done, but that's okay. I'm going to work more on it tonight. Took a break, getting back to it. Going to gym now. 

July 3rd 
Busted out of another tournament tonight. Lasted about 2 hours, got into a pot I knew that I should have folded. It's a lesson that I needed to learn. I just got done with my class for the day, that was pretty easy honestly. Now I'm doing some simple work. 

July 4th
Happy 4th of July. I woke up kind of feeling like crap, but that's okay. I went to the gym and that felt good. I'm doing some work right now. 

July 5th 
Going 626 night market tonight that will be fun. 

July 6th 
Just ate a great meal, now I'm going to be doing some work. I'm doing some work right now. Going back to work now to finish what I do, I'm so distracted. Okay I'm feeling better. 

July 7th 
Doing some work for a bit, then going to lunch. Just got back from lunch and going to work. 

July 8th 
Happy birthday to Luis Roblero, an old friend. I haven't heard from him in a long time. I hope he's doing well. I just woke up. Going back to work until I have stuff to do at 4. Going back to coding. Time for my CORE meeting. Just finished that. Went to the gym, had some dumplings, and going to do some work for a bit. 

July 9th 
Going to do some work for an hour. Got that done, now it's time to reflect. My mom is in the hospital. I'm praying that she's okay. :( I'm still waiting at the hospital. 


July 10th 
Not a good day for my mom today. She is resting as I watch this. Please pray for her. I just got here to relieve my dad from his break. I'm back home for my CORE meeting. 


July 11th 
I went to go see my mom last night. My mom is being released from the hospital today, which is amazing! She is doing better which is good. She is going home now. 

July 13th 

My mom is has been home for 2 days now. She is doing better and she is happy, which makes me happy. I just download terraria, which will be fun. I'm going to the COSM soon, which makes me super excited. I hope that Angelica has lots of fun, but I'm sure that she will. I'm almost done with this assignment. 

July 14th 
Doing some HW right now. Well, not really, but I'm going back soon. Haven't been able to do it yet, but learning some coding design patterns, which is helpful. Idk why I can't focus today. 

July 15th 
I'm in my zoom meeting currently. I had a hotdog, but I wasn't able to eat it. My mom is not feeling well again. I'm praying that she starts to feel better. She is now laying in her bed. She's not sure if she's going to go back to the hospital. Hopefully she doesn't go back. 

July 16th 
She didn't go back. She decided to stay home and feel better, which is good. I really need to get healthier. I'm using this app now to track my food, which is good. I'm in my AI4all meeting. The meeting went okay, but we have a lot of work to do, not sure how much they can contribute, but that's okay. We'll figure it out. I improved the model. 

July 18th 
My parents just left for Vegas. I'm going to write some code tonight. Just writing some code. I had a fun session with the group today, we got a lot of the code done, which is awesome. We now just need to figure out how to improve the model. 

July 19th 
I'm excited for tomorrow, going to COSM. I have some work that needs to be done. 

July 20th 
Going to COSM today to watch the matrix! That is going to be a lot of fun. 

July 21st
COSM was so much fun! I'm going to finish my HW and try to get done as much as I can today. Idk why I can't focus today it's really really really annoying. I'm going to the library (Ironically, a busier place) to get some work done. Maybe the change of scenery will help me a bit. I'm going to do some work here until I go to the gym. Got some more done, which is good. I finished my homework, now I'm going to starting working on my final assignment, well later tonight. 

July 22nd
I was trying to write some more code to see if it works. It doesn't work all that well to be honest. I'm going to have a session pretty soon. I'm checking out Warp, this seems pretty awesome. I'm still getting used to it. The git hub pushing is awesome! I'm going to work during my session today, which will be good. This session has been a waste tbh. I'm writing some code and I got my model to work, which is amazing, I'm in my class now and I'm about to start the final project, okay I'm about to start now. Today was a super interesting day. I figured out that I had the indexing wrong on the application. Now that it's fixed I'm so happy I can't believe it. I'm going to do some of the homework tonight. I feel like I'm sort of rambling at this point. Now I can't focus right now. 

July 23rd 
Today is going to be a long day. I have a lot to do. About to start now! Let's do this. Let's go. I'm in class right now. It's going well right now. About to start the mentor meeting. That was probably the best mentor meeting we have had so far. Going to work on my paper probably for a few hours at least. About to get started. Idk, I feel a bit weird right now. 

July 24th 
Starting my paper assignment. Let's see how much I get done. I'm going to lock in for the next 30 minutes. I got a bunch done. I'm trying to get this done ASAP. I just finished part 1. Starting part 2. All done! Going to the gym now. 

July 25th 
I still don't feel the best. I'm going to work on my paper for a few hours now. Before that, I'm going to play a tournament. We are doing pretty well right now. We finished 10th. Working on the paper. I've gotten a lot done. It's done I'm taking a break. I'm writing some code. 


July 28th 
Holy crap what a crazy weekend, warped went so hard. 

July 30th 
School Is starting next week! This is crazy how fast this summer went. It really is insane. 

July 31st
Today I'm going to work on upgrading our AI model. 

August 1st 
Oh my goodness, it works!! I can't believe it. I was shocked that It's going well. 

August 2nd
Today, I'm going to hang out with Angelica at either round1 or go get a dessert. 

August 3rd
I got a concussion today :/ it really hurt. 

August 4th 
I'm feeling a bit better today. I'm trying to limit my screen time but I need to get some work done. I can't focus today it might be pain that I'm currently feeling. I'm feeling a bit better I might go walk a bit later. 

August 5th 
I'm feeling a lot better today. I went to the gym and was able to get some movement in. I've been kinda bummed the past few days but I'm excited to get back to work when there's work available. I'm in my session right now. It's good I'm learning a lot. I'm going to work on my rust project in a bit. 

August 6th 
Presentation day let's do it! It went well! I'm so glad. 


August 7th 
GPT-5 release is out! Let's go. It seems to be cool. I'm in a really bad mood today. I'm praying for my mom I wonder what is wrong with her. Please pray for my mom. I'm working on my assignment today. Hopefully this gets done fast. I'm done, now I'm going to take a break and play some video games. Going to watch big brother. Going to play video games now. 

August 8th 
I'm going to work on my assignment today. Idk how much I want to do today. If I can get half of it done I'll be happy with that. I've been trying to figure out what to write. I'm going to lock in for the next 25 minutes let's go. I got some done I'm going to do more in a bit. Okay back to it. I got a few slides done. Did a few more. I've gotten a few more. 

August 10th 
I'm going to finish my work today. I have a ton to work on today. Im going to get that done. Working on it now. Should I go to the gym? I just went. It was a pretty good session today, I'm pretty satisfied. I'm working on my homework right now. Hopefully I get this done on time. 

August 11th
I'm kinda sleepy. I'm going to go to bed soon. Today, I'm going to work on my poster and my homework for the week. Right now I'm trying to figure out how to configure an MCP server. Still working on it. I'm doing my first MCP task. It's working, just gas fees are INSANE right now. I went to get some lunch now I'm going to work on my product. Taking a break to play video games. Now back to work. Now back to video games. Now back to coding. I'd why I can't focus today. 

August 12th 
What time should I go to bed. Well I went to bed pretty late tbh. I'm not feeling the best today. But granted I did eat pretty bad. I can't focus today. I just had some lunch. Back to work. Taking a short break. Okay back to it now. I went to get lunch now I'm back home. I'm in my meeting now and I'm going to try to get some work done during that session. I haven't been able to focused. I went to get sushi today it was good. I'm going to go to the gym after finish this. 

August 13th 
I'm so sleepy. I just woke up, time to get some work done. I haven't been able to get any work done ugh. I did get some 

August 14th 
I am so tired today. I played late and had to get up. It was a fun tournament though. I had a lot of fun. Hopefully I can get some work done today. I just started. Going to Lock in for the next 25 minutes. I'm in my session now. 

August 15th 
Today I need to lock in and get a lot done. I'm doing some agent work currently. Back to work. I got a bunch done, I'm proud of myself. Taking a short break then back to more work. I finished the assignment for the week. Soon, I am going to start the next one. Okay, back to work. Going to game a bit. Back to work now. 

August 16th 
Today we are going to play Topgolf, which will be fun! I'm working on my dex currently. 

August 17th 
I slept horribly last night, but I ate well today! It was so much fun. 

August 18th 
It's 1030 and I haven't eaten yet. I'm not sure what to eat. I kind of don't want eggs right now. I had a great meal for lunch it was pretty good. I'm working a few hours which is cool. I'm going to the gym in a bit. 

August 19th
I had my first sub job today. It was super chill I even got to leave early which was nice. I'm currently in my cohort meeting. 1 more hour then we are good to go. Idk what I'm going to work on at the gym tonight. 


August 21st 
I had my second sub job yesterday. I'm at the library trying to get some stuff done. I'm experimenting with not eating breakfast, it's been okay so far. I'm trying to get more work done while I'm in the Mech Interp chat. Going to get some sushi right now so that's awesome. I'm so hungry so this is a great idea. I'm here eating sushi. It's been so good so far. I'm getting full!!! About to head home soon. I'm home on the zoom call now. 

August 22nd 
Well it's friday, so that is fun. Today was really annoying, I just want to go home. It's only one hour. Well I made it through today. Today I had my wallet stolen, but we will try to get through it. Okay I'm home now. 

August 23rd 
Been playing video games all day today it's been so fun. I've been on a break. It's been fun to do that today. 


August 24th 
Today is Sunday. We have a lot of work to do, so we are going to do it. I'm taking a Fortnite break right now. After then I'll go back to work. 


August 25th 
Today is Monday. I'm excited that I was able to get some stuff done. 

August 26th 
Today I'm going to work on my school homework, some math, and some coding projects. I need to figure out what my business is going to be. Going to hop on the zoom now. On the zoom now. It's going okay. Now I'm checking my status. 

August 27th 
Today I have like 4 meetings. 

August 28th
I'm not feeling well today. I just vacuumed my room. 

August 29th 
We are going to work a lot today on assignments. 

August 30th 
I'm kind of in a bad mood today. I really shouldn't but idk why. I mean I kind of know why, but yeah. I'm going to have some lunch in a bit, but I don't know what. Maybe some steak sounds pretty good. 

August 31st 
I didn't sleep well last night. Yesterday was fun, but my dad wanted me to go to church with him so I didn't have a choice. I've gotten a bunch of homework done, which has been nice. 

September 2nd 
I'm not sure how I feel today. I feel so bloated and fat. Idk why I'm gaining so much weight it's annoying. I'm going to work really hard to lose weight. I really want to make this happen. I ate some healthy food today. 

September 3rd 
Today is a long day. I have a lot to do. 

September 4th
Today I'm at chino high school. Going to try to get a bunch of math done. Actually no I'm going to work on my lit review for my class. Going to start right now. Let's do this. 


September 7th 
This weekend was a fun weekend. I can't wait to eat something and get some work done. I need to learn more math though. I'm doing a deep dive into beta amyloid this is scaring me to be honest. Right now I'm coding, but it's hard for me to focus because it's so hot right now. Now it's starting to cool down. 

September 8th 
I have a lot to do today. I"m going to do my lesson 0 for my bible study first. Following that, I'll do my math homework and start learning today. Okay it's time to lock in, let's do this! I got the first assignment done. Now I'm getting my second assignment done. 

September 9th 
I woke up pretty mad at myself today. I should have taken a really easy job with cool people, but I was lazy, I paid the price for that. I'm going to work on my assignment right now. Let's do this. I'm at the library working on the assignment for Dr. Harper. 

September 10th 
What a horrible day in America. I need to log off for today. I really can't take this right now. 

September 11th 
I'm kind of sad today. Dealing with the sadness of Charlie Kirk, may he RIP. 

September 12th 
Dinner was good 

September 13th 
Going to get Chilis tonight. 

September 15th 
Today is Monday. I'm excited to be working. 

September 16th 
Today I'm working at Sunny Hills high school. I have lesson and bible study tonight. I'm doing my lesson right now. Finishing it up right now. About to be halfway done. 

September 17th 
Today I'm going to watch my lectures and do my homework. I'm doing some HW in my class right now. 

September 18th 
I picked up a pretty chill sub job today at Chino. I just have to cover band for the entire day. 

September 19th 
Have a bit of a cold, but that's okay. 

September 20th 
Still have a cold. 

September 25th 
I have forgotten to blog today. I'm going to get back on the horse. 

September 26th
Today I did some work and came back home. Tonight I'm going to get Tacos with Angelica. 

September 28th
Today I'm doing some class work. 

September 29th 
Today I'm doing the first lecture of CS50 

September 30th 
Today, I'm subbing at Chino High School

October 1st
Today has been a rough day, but what are you doing to do. At least I got what I really needed although my boss wasn't helpful. 

October 2nd 
Today I'm going to work on my homework assignment then I'm going to see demon hunter lets gooooo. 

October 5th
Today I have a lot of work to do at home. 

October 9th 
Today I'm working on some school work and then I'll do some coding. Right now my mind is so distracted. 

October 10th
Today I have some math homework to do. I'm going to work on my career application tonight. 

October 12th 
I dropped off my parents today at the airport. Now I'm going to code. 

October 13th 
Today I'm going to work on some coding projects. 

October 14th 
Today I'm going to a Kalshi Event and the Tinder Office, that should be fun. I just got back from the Kalshi Event. 

October 15th 
Doing some math today, which I struggled with, but we are getting better. 

October 16th 
More math today, it's going to be a grind today. 

October 18th 
Today I'm going to finally write some code. 

October 19th 
I'm hoping to go to Xavier Wulf or the Kings game today. Today I'm working on my larger assignment which is due tomorrow 

October 21st 
Today was a crazy weekend. I wasn't able to do much, but I am trying to stay positive. Right now my position is down a lot of money, but I know that the market will come back up. Well I'm hoping at least. 

October 24th
Today I'm at Chino high school. I've lost my will to code, and I don't really know why. I am trying to stay happy and healthy, but idk what's going on. 

October 25th 
Today I'm super tired. 

October 26th
Today, I'm finally going to start on some coding and math homework. 

October 28th 
The dodgers lost today :( 







